feat: Add plugin version check (#2549)
fastify/fastify: docs/Server.md

#### log
The logger instance, check [here](Logging.md).

<a name="version"></a>
#### version

> Fastify version of the instance. Used for plugin support. Check [here](Plugins.md#handle-the-scope)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fastify version of the instance. Used for plugin support. See [Plugins](Plugins.md#handle-the-scope) for information on how the version is used by plugins.
```
